Erbao, how did you get hurt?
Mommy, my friend was kidnapped by a prisoner
I eat to save him
So make you worry
Baby
If you are in danger in the future, you must call Mommy
Do you hear me?
Ok where did you save your girlfriend
Is it a small shabby house in the east of the city?
If Mommy knew I was Dabao
He will definitely rob me with Daddy
But daddy is powerful
Who is it?
Why is daddy here?
Did he find me and Erbao?
Then sir, why are you here?
I'm here to thank your son Erbao for thanking my son
Your son saved my son's life
It's inconvenient to go in.
Then sir, just come in with your shoes on.
I don't have men's slippers at home either.
No other man has been here
Well you are the only one
I am your only one